# JavaScript Logical Operators Quiz

## Introduction
Before starting the quiz, watch this video for an overview of JavaScript logical operators:
[JavaScript Logical Operators](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovWYhDVQiR8)

## Questions

1. What are the three main logical operators in JavaScript?
   ! && ||

2. What does the AND (&&) operator do?
   everything is true

3. What is the result of true && true?
   true

4. What is the result of true && false?
   false

5. What does the OR (||) operator do?
   Checks if there is at least one true return true else false

6. What is the result of false || true?
   true

7. What is the result of false || false?
   false

8. What does the NOT (!) operator do?
   Switches true with false and the other way around

9. What is the result of !true?
   false

10. What is the result of !false?
    true

11. What is the result of true && true && false?
    false

12. What is the result of false || false || true?
    true

13. What is the order of precedence for logical operators?
    !   ->   &&  ->  || 

14. What is short-circuit evaluation in logical operations?
    Going left to right:
    In && if theres 1 false it stops and returns false
    In   ||  if theres 1 true it stops and returns true


15. In the expression a && b, when is b not evaluated?
    When a is false

16. In the expression a || b, when is b not evaluated?
    When a is true

17. What is the result of 5 > 3 && 2 < 4?
    true

18. What is the result of 5 > 7 || 3 < 2?
    false

19. What is the result of !(5 > 3)?
    false

20. How can you use parentheses to change the order of evaluation in logical expressions?
    Parentheses calculate which statements are evaluated first for for example if I have this statement:
    true || false && false  -> true

    But if I put parentheses I can change the result:
    (true || false) && false  -> false


Remember to test your knowledge by trying these operations in a JavaScript console!
