# JavaScript Data Types Quiz

## Introduction
Before starting the quiz, watch this video for an overview of JavaScript data types:
[JavaScript Data Types](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmSpfdxu3ro)

## Questions

1. What is the data type of x = 5?
   Number

2. How do you declare a string variable in JavaScript?
   let str = "text";

3. What's the difference between null and undefined?
   if we dont give value to a variable it automatically gets undefined
   but null is something we give to a variable specifically 

4. How can you check the type of a variable in JavaScript?
   typeof x
   typeof (str1 + str2)

5. What's the data type of the result of 5 / 2?
   Number

6. What's the data type of true?
   Boolean

7. How do you declare an object in JavaScript?
   let obj = { key1:value1 , key2:value2};

8. What's the data type of NaN?
   Not A Number
   isNaN() - checks the value and see if its number (strings/numbers)
   Number.isNaN() -checks that type is number (string return false)

9. What's the difference between == and ===?
   ==  checking that both values are same through different data types
   === checking that both values and data types are equal

10. How do you convert a string to a number?
    Number(str)
    parseFloat()  //for floating point numbers

11. What's the data type of the result of "5" + 3?
    number will be converted to string, therefor answer will be: "53"

12. How can you check if a variable is of a specific type?
    typeof x

13. How do you create a multi-line string in JavaScript?
    using the `` instead of normal quotes

14. What's the difference between single quotes, double quotes, and backticks for strings?
    "" === '' !== ``

15. How do you convert a number to a string?
    x.toString()
    String(x)

16. What's the result of typeof null?
    Object

17. How do you declare a constant variable in JavaScript?
    const x

18. What happens when you add a string and a number? How can you handle this?
    connate strings.
    turn the string to number by parseInt(str) or parseFloat(str) or Number(str)

19. What's the data type of the result of 3 > 2?
    Boolean

20. How do you escape special characters in a string?
    \

21. What's the difference between var, let, and const?
    scope and changeability

22. How do you check if a variable is undefined?
    x === undefined
    typeof x

23. What's the result of 10 + "5"?
    105

24. How do you create a boolean variable?
    isBoolean = true

25. What's the difference between primitive data types and objects in JavaScript?
    primitive = not object
    objects are created with some key:value pairs from all kinds of data types
